README.md, before:

# Assignment 1: Welcome to App Lab
Due Wednesday, September 11 

# Instructions
1. Clone this repository to your local computer (hint: use the terminal and the `git clone` command).
2. Open the `welcome-to-app-lab-yourgithubusername` folder in vscode.
3. Open the the file `README.md`.
4. Replace the **About Me** section with your own. I've included my own as a template.
5. Delete the **Assignment** and **Instructions** sections.
7. `git push` your changed file - this is your assignment submission (don't forget a `commit` message)!
 
Be sure and use [markdown](https://medium.com/applab-fall-2019/homework-1-github-bootcamp-bb21077a878b) to help format your document. You can study this document and how it appears on Github to learn more.

# About Me
Hello! My name is Christian and I live in Shanghai, China. I spend time exploring the intersections of management, creativity, art and technology. I have a lot of ideas and I make a lot of stuff: messaging apps, cryptocurrency hardware, virtual reality games and educational content. I teach students at NYU Shanghai with the goal of helping them understand the intersection of ideas and realities.

I'm a founding member of NYU Shanghai, China's first Sino-American university. I was on the ground floor putting in the plumbing, and was initially responsible for planning and operations to establish the school in Shanghai. Currently I'm teaching and researching full time, while continuing to build interesting products and art in my spare time.

My diverse skill set lends itself well to small, nimble teams. I pride myself on my ability to take risks to create new things. I work efficiently, play multiple roles and speak many languages (programming, business, Chinese). I know enough about most things to sound like an expert on technology, project management, software engineering, digital prototyping, corporate and venture finance, capital markets, macroeconomics and the Chinese innovation ecosystem.

Commit message:

Add files via upload
about me finished

README.md, after:

# Assignment 1: Welcome to App Lab
Due Wednesday, September 11

# Instructions
1. Clone this repository to your local computer (hint: use the terminal and the `git clone` command).
2. Open the `welcome-to-app-lab-yourgithubusername` folder in vscode.
3. Open the the file `README.md`.
4. Replace the **About Me** section with your own. I've included my own as a template.
5. Delete the **Assignment** and **Instructions** sections.
7. `git push` your changed file - this is your assignment submission (don't forget a `commit` message)!

Be sure and use [markdown](https://medium.com/applab-fall-2019/homework-1-github-bootcamp-bb21077a878b) to help format your document. You can study this document and how it appears on Github to learn more.

# About Me
Hello, I'm __Thomas__. I am originally from __Buenos Aires, Argentina__ but I grew up in __Austin, Texas__. Last year I took __Comm Lab__ and __Interaction Lab__ and really enjoyed them so I'm really looking forward to taking this class this year. I have a bit of experience in __Processing__ and thus my favorite thing to do in code is play with __p5__. I'm a big fan of drawing with code. I really appreciate making websites look intentionally shitty and early 2000's, I just love that aesthetic.

In my free time, I enjoy using __Ableton__ to make hip-hop beats for people to rap on. This is my passion and I hope to be able to one day use code to develop my own __VSTs and Extensions__ for Ableton to create my own unique synths and sounds.

I am a project oriented student and that is one of the main reasons I love the IMA program here. I've had nothing but amazing experiences in IMA so I'm really excited for this semester!
